today's nutriblast is called healthy
heart nutriblast so basically i put i'm
putting a bunch of ingredients that's
good for the heart never tried this so
I'm kind of curious about how this is
going to come out so let's just get into
how I'm going to make this this is one
cup of red cabbage one whole frozen
banana one Kiwi two tablespoons of
walnuts two tablespoons for toc too I'm
sorry one juice of the line and I made a
special heart-healthy hibiscus detox tea
even though you could use water I'm
going to fill this up to the max line
which I can't seem to find awkward
awkward awkward where is the max line oh
right here max line fill this up to the
max line with a liquid of your choice
using the extractor blades you are going
to blend this mystery drink until it's
nice and smooth I am loving his color so
its taste test time
this is delicious um i'm also i would
say strong guys would be great too in
this as well but it has like a hand of
lime and walnuts and it's just really
delicious and smooth Oh guys you gotta
try this and most important it's good
for your heart so until my next post
gadget rushes out mmm keep blasting